so what does this pedal do that is
called a sustain pedal it allows the
strings to continue vibrating and it
keeps the notes going for as long as you
have it press down go ahead try it out
now try it with amazing grace okay so
here's the thing about sustain pedal you
don't want to use too much of it why not
because if you hold on to it for too
long the melody begins to lose its
meaning I'm sorry what was that I said
when you hold on to the sustain I don't
quite follow you should let go in
between musical phrases give the melody
some room to breathe speak up again just
like in life but a guy you need to learn
how to let go and it's a little close to
home teach sorry see it's all about
balance balance huh could you please
stop stop what stop that like off the
pedal can't quite hear you
what is this accent you're doing hey I'm
Daniel's brain I like to keep fit and in
order to stay sharp sometimes I got to
do things that ain't familiar that's why
today's video is sponsored by Skillshare
Skillshare is an online learning
community for creators with over 25,000
courses and music mastering learning how
to make youtube videos cooking classes
and more me I'm embracing my sensitive
side with the class master watercolor
techniques look I made a canary it's
like big bird but without the growth
defect Skillshare is giving away a free
2 month unlimited access trial to the
first 500 people to sign up with a link
in the description and after that it's
only about 10 bucks a month so sign up
today and learn something new you coward
thank you so much for watching enjoy the
canary say goodbye canary you better
sign up and learn some